programme.md, before:

# Programme


All times are Spain Time (CEST)

## Day 1 | 4 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.45 - 12.00       | _Virtual arrivals_                                                                                | All participants                                                      |
| 12.00 - 12.05       | Welcome and introduction to the course                                                          | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez                                            |
| 12.05 - 13.00       | Participants' introductions, perspectives, challenges and expectations                          | Cath Brooksbank                                                       |
| 13.00 - 13.30       | Keynote: "How Core facilities have evolved?"                                                    | Alfonso Valencia                                                      |
| 13.30 - 14.00       | Keynote: "Juggling research and services in bioinformatics"                                     | Alexandre Bonvin                                                      |
| 14.00 - 15.20       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.20 - 15.30       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 15.30 - 16.00       | [Whitehead Institute as an established bioinformatics core facility](D1S5WhiteheadInstitute.md)                              | George Bell                                                           |
| 16.00 - 17.30       | [Spectrum exercise](D1S6SpectrumExercise.md)                                                                               | Andrew Hercules, Vera Matser and George Bell                          |


## Day 2 | 5 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.50 - 12.00       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.00 - 14.00       | [The service design process](D2S1ServiceDesign.md)                                                                      | Vera Matser and Andrew Hercules                                       |
| 14.00 - 15.20       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.20 - 15.30       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 15.30 - 16.30       | Designing and establishing core's technology needs                                              | Brent Richter, Michael Stadler and Ezgi Karaca                        |
| 16.30 - 17.30       | Estimating your compute and storage needs - practical                                           | Michael Stadler and Ezgi Karaca                                       |


## Day 3 | 6 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.50 - 12.00       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.00 - 13.00       | Costing up staff and compute requirements                                                       | Sarah Butcher                                                         |
| 13.00 - 14.00       | Costing up a new service and providing costs for major projects (practical)                     | Sarah Butcher                                                         |
| 14.00 - 15.20       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.20 - 15.30       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 15:30 - 16.30       | [Data management and stewardship](D3S3DMDS.md)                                                                 | Rob Hooft and Celia van Gelder                                        |
| 16.30 - 17.30       | Open discussion: strategies to manage your data from a logical and physical perspective         | Rob Hooft, Michael Stadler, Ezgi Karaca and Jordi Rambla              |


## DAY 4 | 7 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 12.20 - 12.30       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.30 - 13.30       | Sustainability models - how to finance your core facility                                       | Alex Sanchez                                                          |
| 13.30 - 14.30       | Core facilities close to healthcare - challenges and opportunities                              | Sheila Zuñiga, Brent Richter and Sarah Butcher                        |
| 14.30 - 15.50       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.50 - 16.00       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 16.00 - 17.00       | Working with sensitive data: Ethical, Legal, and Social considerations                          | Pilar Nicolas, Brent Richter, Jordi Rambla and Michaela Th. Mayrhofer |


## Day 5 | 8 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.50 - 12.00       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.00 - 13.30       | Semi structured breakout                                                                        | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez and Eva Alloza with course faculty members |
| 13.30 - 14.00       | Revisit challenges and expectations. Select topic for post-course session. Wrap up and feedback | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez and Eva Alloza                             |


## Post-course session | 17 November 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 16.00 - 18.00       | Selected topic by participants (TBD)                                                            |                                                                       |

Commit message:

Afternoon session day2: add faculty | Day 4: add session

programme.md, after:

# Programme


All times are Spain Time (CEST)

## Day 1 | 4 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.45 - 12.00       | _Virtual arrivals_                                                                                | All participants                                                      |
| 12.00 - 12.05       | Welcome and introduction to the course                                                          | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez                                            |
| 12.05 - 13.00       | Participants' introductions, perspectives, challenges and expectations                          | Cath Brooksbank                                                       |
| 13.00 - 13.30       | Keynote: "How Core facilities have evolved?"                                                    | Alfonso Valencia                                                      |
| 13.30 - 14.00       | Keynote: "Juggling research and services in bioinformatics"                                     | Alexandre Bonvin                                                      |
| 14.00 - 15.20       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.20 - 15.30       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 15.30 - 16.00       | [Whitehead Institute as an established bioinformatics core facility](D1S5WhiteheadInstitute.md)                              | George Bell                                                           |
| 16.00 - 17.30       | [Spectrum exercise](D1S6SpectrumExercise.md)                                                                               | Andrew Hercules, Vera Matser and George Bell                          |


## Day 2 | 5 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.50 - 12.00       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.00 - 14.00       | [The service design process](D2S1ServiceDesign.md)                                                                      | Vera Matser and Andrew Hercules                                       |
| 14.00 - 15.20       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.20 - 15.30       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 15.30 - 16.30       | Designing and establishing core's technology needs                                              | Brent Richter, Michael Stadler and Ezgi Karaca                        |
| 16.30 - 17.30       | Estimating your compute and storage needs - practical                                           | Brent Richter, Michael Stadler and Ezgi Karaca                                       |


## Day 3 | 6 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.50 - 12.00       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.00 - 13.00       | Costing up staff and compute requirements                                                       | Sarah Butcher                                                         |
| 13.00 - 14.00       | Costing up a new service and providing costs for major projects (practical)                     | Sarah Butcher                                                         |
| 14.00 - 15.20       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.20 - 15.30       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 15:30 - 16.30       | [Data management and stewardship](D3S3DMDS.md)                                                                 | Rob Hooft and Celia van Gelder                                        |
| 16.30 - 17.30       | Open discussion: strategies to manage your data from a logical and physical perspective         | Rob Hooft, Michael Stadler, Ezgi Karaca and Jordi Rambla              |


## DAY 4 | 7 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 12.20 - 12.30       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.30 - 13.30       | Sustainability models - how to finance your core facility                                       | Alex Sanchez                                                          |
| 13.30 - 14.30       | Core facilities close to healthcare - challenges and opportunities                              | Sheila Zuñiga, Brent Richter and Sarah Butcher                        |
| 14.30 - 15.50       | _Lunch break_                                                                                     |                                                                       |
| 15.50 - 16.00       | _Settle back in_                                                                                  |                                                                       |
| 16.00 - 17.00       | Working with sensitive data: Ethical, Legal, and Social considerations                          | Pilar Nicolas, Brent Richter, Jordi Rambla and Michaela Th. Mayrhofer |
| 17.00 - 17.30       | Select the topics for the Semi structured breakout session                          | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez and Eva Alloza |


## Day 5 | 8 October 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11.50 - 12.00       | _Day briefing_                                                                                    |                                                                       |
| 12.00 - 13.30       | Semi structured breakout                                                                        | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez and Eva Alloza with course faculty members |
| 13.30 - 14.00       | Revisit challenges and expectations. Select topic for post-course session. Wrap up and feedback | Salvador Capella-Gutierrez and Eva Alloza                             |


## Post-course session | 17 November 2021

| TIME                | SESSION                                                                                         | TRAINER/S                                                             |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 16.00 - 18.00       | Selected topic by participants (TBD)                                                            |                                                                       |
