---
layout: default
title: Participants biographies
parent: Introduction
nav_order: 4
---

# Participants biographies

## Andrew	Goodspeed
<br style="clear:both" />

## Joseph Chao-Chung Kuo
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/JosephChao-ChungKuo.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I was trained as a biologist but later did my PhD in computational biology. My passion is in the mechanism of genomic regulation and the application of bioinformatic tools in real biological questions. This September I began my job as the head of bioinformatics in the Genomic Core Facility in RWTH Aachen Hospital University. This is a new adventure and challenge, but I do enjoy this process in solving problems. I am looking forward to getting involved in this network and growing with you together.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Dimitris	Konstantopoulos
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/DimitrisKonstantopoulos.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I am currently a Post-Doctoral Researcher in the Institute of Fundamental Biomedical Sciences Center (BSRC) “Alexander Fleming”. I obtained my BSc in Informatics from the Athens University of Economics and Business, and my MSc in Bioinformatics from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens. My PhD research in BSRC “Alexander Fleming” focused on the development of bioinformatics methodologies for the analysis of Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) data for studying the effect of genotoxic factors on chromatin and transcription dynamics, in healthy and diseased conditions. Through my work in the field of bioinformatics and computational biology, I have gained experience in analyzing multimodal NGS datasets, while I have also gained precious experience in supervising undergraduate, and PhD students. All these years I have been collaborating with several groups in my and other Institutes, providing my expertise in the analysis of NGS and single-cell NGS assays. Lately, I acquired a managerial role in a new bioinformatics facility core initiated in our Institute, that will focus on the analysis of scNGS Data. In the future, I would love to become an independent researcher in order to guide my Institute's Research, and make my contribution to the scientific community with my own research group.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Etienne de Villiers
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/EtiennedeVilliers.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I am Etienne de Villiers, Bioinformatics Group leader at the KEMRI Wellcome Trust Research Programme in Kilifi, Kenya, a programme of the University of Oxford Nuffield Department of Medicine. I recently left the programme and moved back to South Africa in September 2021 and have started my own Bioinformatics consultancy. I currently consult for Diplomics, an initiative of the South African Department of Science and Innovation’s SARIR program and Cengen, a company providing R&D services to plant breeders and the agricultural industry in South Africa.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Floyd	Wittink
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/FloydWittink.png' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
Floyd is a trained molecular geneticist and an experienced bioinformatician with a keen interest in genomics, metagenomics, transcriptomics and data science in general. He has set up an Arabidopsis Microarray facility at the University Utrecht including microarray production, service and bioinformatics support within Arabidopsis research. He continued this work at the University of Amsterdam, now including medical research and bioinformatics support to custom model systems and education to student in (Medical ) Biology. He started to set up a bioinformatics department at the Leiden University of Applied Sciences  to develop bioinformatics further for research purposes with a focus on academia without bioinformatics support and SME’s. His focus is on nanopore sequencing applications. He is experienced in sequencing genomes of bacteria, fungi, nematodes and endangered species and an eager participant in projects related to biodiversity and food.
Floyd has participated in many project as an operational manager of a microarray facility or a bioinformatics support groups for e.g. Academic Medical Centres, Ecological Institutes, companies like DSM and Unilever and the National Institute for Public  Health and the Environmental . He contributed to the CATMA (Complete Arabidopsis Transcriptome MicroArray) project by setting up the microarray production and the analysis of the nitrate deficient mutants. He recently finished the sequencing of the black rhinoceros and is a work package leader of the Rhinoceromics project, which investigates the health problems of black rhino’s living in capture by an integrated approach of metagenomics and metabolomics. He had led the bioinformatics support of biodiversity research to the sustainability of tulips in the Netherlands. Currently, he is setting up a program to share knowledge and experience with respect to nanopore sequencing and nanopore applications with several Applied Universities in the Netherlands.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Fulvia	Ferrazzi
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/FulviaFerrazi.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I am a bioinformatics staff scientist at the Institute of Pathology, Friedrich-Alexander-Universitaet Erlangen, Germany. Here, I support the ever-increasing use of high-throughput sequencing of cancer samples in molecular pathology using statistical and bioinformatics tools. In addition, I run my own research projects on the development of machine learning methodologies for the analysis of transcriptomics data and on artificial intelligence approaches for digital and molecular pathology. 
I hold a Master’s degree in Engineering and a PhD in Bioengineering and Bioinformatics from the University of Pavia, Italy. From 2013 to 2018 I worked in the Sequencing Core Unit of the Medical Faculty, FAU. Here, I contributed to the planning, consultancy, and bioinformatics analysis for the unit users. Since January 2021 I have been co-PI of the bioinformatics core project of a large DFG-funded research consortium. This is my first position that requires training in managing a core unit. In addition, I have the challenge to balance my research activities with providing this service. I believe my attendance to this practical course will be very helpful in improving my management skills in regards to providing core bioinformatics services.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Marina	Leer
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/MarinaLeer.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
Marina Leer is a graduate student in the Department of Adipocyte Development and Nutrition, at the German Institute of Human Nutrition, since 2018. She completed her Master's degree in Bioinformatics at the University of Potsdam in 2016 and focused on systems biology. She did the Master thesis work at the department of Systems Biology and Mathematical Modeling at the Max-Planck-Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology in Potsdam. In 2017 she joined the research group Biosynthesis of Active Substances at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg working as a Research Assistant on Systems Biology. There she performed metabolic flux analysis in Escherichia coli and Chlamydomonas reinhardtii to quantify the cellular metabolism and modification of the pathways of the organisms for biofuel production. In her current research, her work focuses on the effects of external (e.g. diet, injury) and internal (e.g. genetic manipulation, aging) stimuli on stem cell fate determination, using basic research and translational models of bone, skeletal muscle, and pancreas. From a bioinformatics perspective, her work deals with high-throughput data analysis, involves the computational analysis of single-cell, bulk, and tissue RNA-sequencing data, and tool development for the high-throughput interrogation of various databases.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Michael de Kok
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/MikedeKok.png' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
My name is Michael de Kok and I am 24 years old. I did my bachelor's in Biomedical Sciences and my master's in Biomolecular Sciences at the VU (Free University) of Amsterdam. After I realised that lab work might not be the best choice for me, I switched to the Bioinformatics track of said master, which turned out to be a great match since I had programmed a lot for my hobbies in the past. Thanks to my Mentor, Douwe Molenaar, I was introduced to my current boss at the department of Molecular Cell Biology and Immunology, located at the medical center of the VU: The Amsterdam UMC Location Vumc. After following an internship with them it became clear there was a huge need for bioinformatics in this department, so 2 years ago I was offered a job there and I have been working hard since! To assist them, I have learned and taught many algorithms, set up disk storages and new meetings for specific analysis types, and recently we have begun thinking about setting up a Bioinformatics Core Facility on top of our 2 other facilities. This is something I am hoping to learn more about in this course!
<br style="clear:both" />

## Miguel	Morard
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/MiguelMorard.png' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
After graduating in Biology in Santiago de Compostela, I moved to Valencia to do a Master’s degree in Bioinformatics. My passion for learning about evolution led me to pursue a PhD in yeast evolution, which I completed in January 2020. During that time, I focused on genomics and transcriptomics of yeast hybrids while also assisting the rest of the research group with data analysis, which made me enjoy data analysis more than the real goal of my PhD. My current position is Head of Bioinformatics at ValGenetics. ValGenetics is an agro-biotech firm that specializes in plant genetics and plant health. My role consists of establishing a Bioinformatics service in the organization that analyzes data from the different departments and also for clients. I think Agriculture presents a significant challenge for bioinformatics services because of the vast variety of data to manage and analyze.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Nicholas	Strieder
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/NicholasStrieder.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
From 2002 to 2008 I studied Biology in Regensburg. In between, I was enrolled in an Erasmus program at the University of Leicester (UK). I graduated in 2015 in the field of miRNA-Biology (G. Meister). In October 2014 I joined the group of Statistical Bioinformatics, R. Spang applying mainly R/Bioconductor for bioinformatic analyses of projects form collaborating research groups. From 7/2017 to 3/2019 I was employed by a Food Safety company being involved in metagenomics analyses. Since 2019 I have been working for the NGS-Core of the RCI in the bioinformatics data analysis.
Currently, I process and analyse many RNA-Seq and scRNA-Seq data sets combined with TCR or Cite-Seq data. Our service range starts from low level processing to full analysis. Apart from data analysis, I am involved in data security and data management. Here, we plan to install our core as the central service unit for data handling and secure storage following the FAIR principles. In addition, we help many student to analyse their own data, by providing regular feedback and the
respective computation environment. 
I am mostly involved in research projects regarding development and regulation of T-cells in tissue homeostasis, transplantation and disease.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Núria	Serna
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/NuriaSernaPujol.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
My name is Núria Serna, and I was born in 1996 in Barcelona. I obtained my Bachelor’s Degree in Genetics in 2018 and my Master’s Degree in Bioinformatics in 2019 from the Autonomous University of Barcelona. Throughout my master’s thesis in Dr. Albert Jordan’s lab at IBMB-CSIC, I got involved in the study of the biological functions of histone H1 variants, a family of chromatin proteins classically related to DNA compaction. After this first point of contact with fundamental research, in 2020, I decided to continue my studies in Dr. Albert Jordan’s lab and perform a Ph.D. in Biomedicine. My project is focused on the use of bioinformatics tools to study the relationship between different molecular layers of information to ultimately contribute to the clarification of the still unclear role of each histone H1 subtype. I am also involved in the data processing and analysis of other research projects undertaken in our institution, given the lack of an appropriate infrastructure. Therefore, I am highly interested in this course since I plan to implement a bioinformatics core facility at the Molecular Genomics Department of IBMB-CSIC to deal with the data of the interested research groups.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Pablo	Minguez
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/PabloMinguez.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
Pablo Minguez  is Miguel Servet fellow (tenure-track research position) at the Genetics Department  since 2017 and Head of the [Bioinformatics Unit](https://www.fjd.es/iis-fjd/en/support-units/core-facilities/unidad-bioinformatica) since 2015 at the Health Research Center Fundación Jiménez Díaz (IIS-FJD, Madrid, Spain). Former fellow of EMBL-Heidelberg as postdoc and CIPF-Valencia as predoc. He is a computational biologist interested in gene and protein regulation and their disorders under disease stages. Main interests: bioinformatics tools for rare diseases analysis, for genetic variants filtering and prioritization, studying the deregulation of protein posttraductional modifications in genetic diseases, new candidate gene predictions, and functional genomics in general. He is member of the Spanish network for rare diseases research (CIBERER) and the Spanish translational bioinformatics network (TransBioNet). He is involved in several national and international collaborative projects, currently highlighting two national initiatives to implement infrastructure for Personalized Medicine, IMPACT-Data and IMPACT-Genomic Medicine. See more at [https://www.translationalbioinformaticslab.es](https://www.translationalbioinformaticslab.es)
<br style="clear:both" />

## Ramón	Peiró-Pastor
<br style="clear:both" />

## Sanjay Kumar	Srikakulam
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/SanjayKumarSrikakulam.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
Sanjay Kumar Srikakulam is a Bioinformatician at the Clinic for Internal Medicine V in Saarland University Hospital, Homburg, Germany. His work focuses on OMICS data analysis and machine learning in healthcare. He is also finishing his doctoral research in the department of Drug Bioinformatics at the Helmholtz Institute for Pharmaceutical Research Saarland (HIPS), Saarbrücken, Germany. He is currently supporting the Drug Bioinformatics group by running its Bioinformatics IT core facility along with doing Bioinformatics research focusing on tools development for faster and better storing, indexing, and querying of protein and genomic sequencing data. He is aspiring to run a Bioinformatics core facility offering various Bioinformatics core services both in terms of research and IT.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Sergio	Ruiz Carmona
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/SergioRuiz.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
Sergio carried out his MSc and PhD in Barcelona in the laboratory of Xavier Barril, where he worked with different structure-based drug design methods with the aim to improve drug design for non-standard targets. He was mainly involved in the development and application of virtual screening approaches using molecular docking and other complementary methods.
After finishing his PhD in 2017, he stayed as a postdoctoral researcher in the same lab performing different collaborative projects in the field of epigenetics and cancer. He also carried out two short stays in the labs of Dr Andreas Bender (EMBO Short-term, Cambridge, UK) and Dr Peter Kolb (Marburg, Germany), where he learnt about genomics, bioinformatics and other computational methods.
Sergio joined the Baker Institute in January 2019 as a Research Officer in the Systems Genomics lab and as a Bioinformatician in the newly created core facility, under the supervision of Associate Professor Michael Inouye and Professor Agus Salim. His research interests are broad and involve the relationship between genetic variants and their effect on protein structures and also other collaborative projects within the Bioinformatics core facility.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Shaun	Garnett
<br style="clear:both" />

## Stefan	Czemmel
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/StefanCzemmel.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I studied Biology at the University of Heidelberg with a particular focus on Plant Molecular Biology and finished my PhD in 2011. Afterwards I did a Post-Doc in the US where the focus was still on wet-lab but I started to shift to bioinformatics as there was a need to analyze NGS data for multiple projects. At the same time, I was very fascinated by the power of this discipline to analyze and visualize high throughput data. During this time, I gained significant experience in bioinformatics, teaching and supervision but also project management as many of the projects were multidisciplinary and multi-centered. These experiences allowed me to join QBiC, a bioinformatics and data management core facility at the University of Tübingen in 2014. Initially I worked on several projects with Neurooncologists from the University Hospital in Tübingen and thereby also initiated the collaboration of QBiC and its sequencing partners on campus, for which my previous wet lab experience was very helpful. Since 2017, when I was selected as a QBiC team leader, my primary focus is now on supervising bioinformaticians and project managers to do bioinformatics support and project management for research and service-oriented projects.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Viorel	Munteanu
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/ViorelMunteanu.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
Ph.D. student in Bioinformatics, Assistant Professor in Data Science and Machine Learning at Technical University of Moldova (TUM). 
My background includes a bachelor and master’s degrees in life science and several internships and scientific projects in the Republic of Moldova (Oncological Institute, Moldova State University), Switzerland (University of Lausanne), Russia (Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, RAS).
Now I am completing my Ph.D. work in Bioinformatics, during which I focused on phenotype prediction from genotype and evaluation of genetic variants contribution to the phenotype in used models.
Other areas of interest include ML & AI models development, theoretical and computational biology, translational bioinformatics in medicine, digital medicine.
I am currently in charge of strategic Bioinformatics Laboratory planning at TUM, and I find this course as a real solution to the many challenges I face to complete this goal.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Wei	Gu
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/WeiGu.png' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I am a senior researcher at the Bioinformatics Core Facility (with 50+ staffs) of the Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB). I am also the Scientific Coordinator and deputy Head of Node of ELIXIR Luxembourg (ELIXIR-LU). In my current position at my hosting institute, I have both roles in conducting research in various topics related to bioinformatics, biomedical IT/data science as well as developing research infrastructure and services to support other researchers in the institute and beyond (via ELIXIR network). Before I joined LCSB/ELIXIR-LU, I finished my Master and PhD training at the Centre for Bioinformatics of Saarland University, Germany. Shortly after that I worked as a postdoc researcher and biostatistician in the same centre as well as in the University Hospital of Saarland.
<br style="clear:both" />

## Xavier	Solé
<div style="width:150px; height: 150px; border-radius:50%; background-image:url({{'assets/images/profiles/XavierSole.jpg' | relative_url}}); background-size: cover; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center; float: left; margin: 0px 15px 15px 0px;"></div>
I am the Head of the Unit of Bioinformatics for Precision Oncology at the Catalan Institute of Oncology. The Unit is responsible for all the bioinformatics analyses involved in the molecular diagnosis of germline and somatic cancer patients using NGS. We also develop and maintain all the required software to store, consult and manage all the generated NGS data. Besides, our unit also does their own research projects and collaborations, mainly focused on the application of bioinformatics in the file of precision oncology. However, big changes are coming, since over the next few days I will be switching to the Hospital Clinic in Barcelona also to work on the diagnosis of cancer patients with NGS. I'm sure this course will be extremely helpful for building the infrastructure and the team required in my forthcoming workplace. 
<br style="clear:both" />
